I don't see why Don't Carlos treats you like a guest of honor.
Oh, are you okay, ma'am?
What are you talking about?
Who's Don Carlos?
You don't get to call him by his name.
You are not part of this family.
Why are you crushing out a party that is not meant for you?
We don't have room for you here.
Why not? I've paid already.
Don't I said that there'd be room for me.
What the hell are you talking about?
You didn't know you'd be sharing the Airbnb with other guests.
So sorry, I didn't know there'd be other guests either, but...
Yeah, I'll talk to Dominic and see what we can do about it.
Guest? Dominic told you I'm a guest.
Didn't mention you.
But you are a guest, aren't you?
How dare you insult me, you little bitch!